# Android_Techpaper
Android based total security

Article LINK: http://www.ijera.com/papers/Vol5_issue4/Part%20-%206/R50406115119.pdf

ABSTRACT: 
In this Paper [5], A highly severe menace to any computing device is the impersonation of an authenticate user. The most frequent computer authentication scheme is to use alphanumerical usernames and passwords. But the textual passwords are prone to dictionary attacks, eves dropping, shoulder surfing and social engineering. As such, graphical passwords have been introduced as an alternative to the traditional authentication process. Though the graphical password schemes provide a way of making more user friendly passwords, while increasing the level of security, they are vulnerable to shoulder surfing. To address this problem, text can be used in combination with the colors and images to generate the session passwords, thereby making a stronger authentication means. In general, session passwords are those that can be used only once and for every new session, a new password is engendered. This paper [7] describes a method of implementing two factor authentication using mobile phones. The proposed method guarantees that authenticating to services, such as online banking or ATM machines, is done in a very secure manner. The proposed system involves using a mobile phone as a software token for One Time Password generation. The generated One Time Password is valid for only a short user defined period of time and is generated by factors that are unique to both, the user and the mobile device itself. Additionally, an SMS-based mechanism is implemented as both a backup mechanism for retrieving the password and as a possible mean of synchronization. The proposed method has been implemented and tested. Initial results show the success of the proposed method. Keywords – Authentication, Security,  Mobile, Access control,  Least expensive
